hey everyone today I'm going to be doing
my top 5 Bath & Body Works spring since
my favorite scents yeah um I have chosen
five out of all of my bath and body
works stuff and I don't think I've ever
done a bath and Bodyworks collection
before but it is a lot I have a lot of
bath and body works stuff so it was
really hard for me to choose but I
really think that these are really good
they are really fresh smelling are no
particular order at all so yeah first
one is forever sunshine and this I
really like this one because it it has a
citrus scent to it almost like oranges
or something and excuse my eyeshadow I
just did a tutorial for spring and stuff
so yeah this smells really citrusy like
it smells like oranges and like not luck
well maybe a hint of lemon in it but it
smells so good and it just reminds me of
something that you would wear during
spring because it's so citrusy and no no
just smell springy uh cucumber melon and
cucumber melon is my favorite scent from
bath and Bodyworks ever it's always has
been and this is just a really light
subtle scent and it's just I don't know
it goes with everything it's definitely
a spring scent because so fresh smelling
it's not musky it's not like you're
wearing a mask of perfume or body spray
it's just one of those light sense I
don't even know how to explain it but it
smells so good you can definitely smell
the melon in there and I think that's
why I like it's because it's like fruity
and stuff and I just love it so much
cherry blossom and I look this one it is
so sweet smelling it's floral it's
definitely floral um I like this one
because it's floral and it's so fresh
and it's it's more its kind of perfume
me kind of fresh I don't know so fresh
and floral since its floral it really
goes with spring so that's another one
that I recommend for spring next one is
coconut lime verbena
and this one oh my gosh this is so good
smelling this I definitely recommend
because it's fruity and it's it smells
like coconuts and lines I'm not even
joking that's exactly what it smells
like it's coconuts she could definitely
smell the coconut but then there's that
really strong scent of lime and I think
the lime really makes it the springy
sent this smells so good I love this
scent so much and coconut lime verbena I
don't know if herb any means but coconut
and lime definitely describes this so
yeah all right and last one that I have
for the top five spring sense is pear
berry pear berry has like I love this
scent I wore this all last summer and
that's only that's like how much I used
this is also a really light scent it's
it does smell like pears but it's it's
so much more than pairs it's so fresh
and so fruity that it just fits in a
spring perfectly I'm really bad at
describing sense but I don't know it
just smells so good it's just infused
with real strawberry and pear extracts
which sounds pretty legit it smells so
good i definitely recommend this this is
probably um in the top two of this top
spring sense i love this one this is in
the old packaging by the way but it's
most so good it's so springy and so
fresh and i just love it for spring that
was the video i really hope you guys
enjoyed it and if you guys have any more
spring-inspired videos or any video to
be honest just leave them down in the
comments or message me and i will try to
get to your video as soon as possible
and thank you guys so much for watching
and I'll see you guys later bye
um but I don't know it just smells so so
so good
smells it smells